the truth about video views on X are
they worth the
hype this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing we are going to talk about the
truth behind Twitter video views Twitter
SLX Neil what do you think the
difference is between a Twitter view or
an x view versus like a YouTube view uh
YouTube view they they look at actual
engagement they if someone just clicks
goes to a video and Auto plays like for
I think a few like one second I don't
think YouTube counts it as a view I I've
forgot the exact rules that they have
yeah they're much more strict Twitter it
can just be scrolling and it starts
playing and if I'm not mistaken it
counts it as a view yeah it can Auto
playay for you instantly and it counts
as a view so even if you don't care
about you scroll past it it counts as a
view and so you got to think about again
a YouTube view is 4 seconds or so so
that's like hundreds or thousands of
percents more just depending on how you
look at it compared to a Twitter VI
is it worth it to post a video like this
for example to
X I do think it's worth it you're not
going to get as many views the reach
isn't going to be the same but you know
what you already created the content so
what do you have to lose by just posting
it again that's the big thing is there's
really no
cost you the hardest part was actually
creating the content posting it isn't as
hard whether something gives you extra
100 views or a million views it doesn't
matter extra views or extra views as
long as the audience is somewhat
relevant the hard work has been done
already you thinking through the hook
you thinking through what you want to
talk about all that hard work has been
done so why not just post it to another
Channel it would totally end up agreeing
with that right um so it's like and
there's no cost and if if you look at a
lot of the popular creators what they're
doing is they're not saying H I don't
know if I like Twitter as much or
threads as much or Instagram or Tik Tok
they're just like I already created the
content it only takes a few more seconds
to upload them to all of it like that
that's it Twitter is the best place for
me personally to learn from the smartest
people and I think the other channels
for myself person personally is more for
entertainment yeah and you really don't
have much to lose like sometimes we'll
post on Instagram and sometimes we post
on Tik Tok and we're like ah we always
do better views on Instagram but
sometimes we just post a video on Tik
Tok and it hits and it goes viral and
you got hundreds and hundreds of
thousands of views or a million or
whatever the number is so even though
Twitter or one of the other channels
that you don't care for as much may not
be driving you as much engagement every
once in a while something that you post
will hit and it'll be worth effort all
right so that is it for today please
don't forget to rate if you subscribe
and we'll see you tomorrow now if you
have any questions leave a comment below
I'm here to answer them and help you out
if you enjoyed the video like it share
tell people about it thank you very much